Talk about a surprise that I have in me.
and the alert video is what I wanted but already
going down a bit here was taking
Direct it is today I wanted to show
You guys, a collection service is
very cool that is the second full pipe
So let's talk, what's the deal?
kraftliner pvp arena comes to train if the
pv pp
so let's start here will get you
mature of you bar that wants and will not go
picking up these items here is not a cell
I know what the position of the
position strength with flash
But the girlfriend and you type here the
neighborhood until the paraná if we the ibope
red to you red 8 a bar
earth because I'm good I go
I take my was I too am
There, guys, everybody alright.
gabriel banana advantage here our way
love
the novel bar kit sand
the water is not red this time let's go
already
die die
ramón out forfeiture or touch me not
liked evil do not mess with me did not like
of evil
the internal memory that whites my friend
touch website is loose
I do not even want this video to have the flow is
Fire, right?
the mother again but guys I think the
video is good
I just wanted to come here today and you can do it.
a demonstration of the server
I ask all of you to give more favorites to
help in spreading the video
who is like if you want to play with me I
I'll leave my escape down there.
My facebook, too, for us to tell
position was the intellectual author
I'll leave my skype below for us.
start if you want to play with me and
everything else
Many thanks to whoever watches here
Stay with God, a hug. I went.